Add note about enabling Panama for vector collections (#1177)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/data-structures/pages/vector-collections.adoc

Users can store any value they require as metadata. This could be additional characteristics of the source data or even the source data itself.

== JVM configuration

> Vector collection indexing and search are very computationally intensive and can utilize SIMD instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vector collection indexing and search are computationally very intensive and can utilize SIMD instructions.
```

> For best vector collection perfomance use Java 21 and enable Vector API from Project Panama by adding `--add-modules jdk.incubator.vector` to xref:configuration:jvm-parameters.adoc[JVM parameters].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For best performance using vector collections, use Java 21 and enable Vector API from Project Panama by adding `--add-modules jdk.incubator.vector` to xref:configuration:jvm-parameters.adoc[JVM parameters].
```
